Well darn, I can't think of another quote.
Oh, am I supposed to say something inspiring? Whoops.
Hm? Oh. Didn't realize you were here.
Another watcher? Not going to lie, I wasn't expecting you.

I'm honestly just some guy.
That's all you need to know.
There's not much more to it.
You're still looking for something more?
There wasn't room left to be another ordinary person.
I'm just a quiet dreamer.
I'm a curious dreamer.
I'm not like the rest, but I wouldn't want to be.
I'm a passionate hobbyist.
I put a lot of pride into my work, maybe too much.
Grass grows, birds fly, sun shines, and brotha, I'm thriving.

How many times have you refreshed the page?
Are you bored yet?
Just use inspect element at this point.
You'll get tired of watching this space eventually.
If you believe things will change, well, they will.
I swear I'm not pulling a Notch with this space.

I love the thrill of overcoming a challenge.
Alloc 256 bytes, or is that too small?
As a perfectionist, I like my apps optimized.
I hate strict syntaxing (looking at you Python).
No one gives Haxe enough credit.
Lua may be fast, but its syntax is trash.
If you hate JavaScript so much, use TypeScript.
Wait, why does C# exist again?
Why Java slow? :(
Bro used TCP instead of UDP for a multiplayer game, smh.
UI design is pretty fun, but don't forget about the UX!
Praise the open source community!
I'd focus less on money and more on sharing knowledge.
To those open to learning and self-improvement, godspeed.
Gradients are pretty, don't you agree?
Half bit? Quarter bit? I don't think that's how that works.
If CSS is so extensive, why aren't native UIs for our OSes?
OOP is the way to go, change my mind.
Valve Source 2 SDK when?
Of all things, I learned proper networking by modding FNF.

Dragons... they're really cool.
Leave me alone, I'm chilling in my cabin.
The snowy forest is beautiful.
See to the aurora borealis in the cold, night sky.
From the faraway realm of ice and snow.
A flowing icy river... feels just like home.
Sometimes isolation is just what we need.
The world we live in is a cruelly beautiful one.
Slitted, teal eyes watch over you quietly with curiosity.
It's not always easy seeing through two worlds at once.

We've all been here before, didn't you know?
The truth is out there, come take a look.
Keep in mind, the truth can be rather cold and hard to swallow.
The divide between fiction and nonfiction is rather blurry.
Reality is what we make of it. Will you help build it with us?
Life is an endurance run, and now I'm playing to win.
Endless perspectives draw a new narrative.
Failure isn't about being lost, it's about giving up.
Ever growing into more of the same.
You have more power than you'd think.
Escapism is a fallacy, but you can make that dream a reality.
Don't fear death, make the most of the time you think you have.
Why fear the unknown? I'd be more curious to learn about it.
What defines reality? The immaterial affects us just as much.
Life only ever goes on, I think you should enjoy it.
You could have anything you want if you want it enough.
The path of blood, sweat, and tears is well worth it.
My will never truly runs dry, can you say the same?
Embrace life, it's a lot more fun than you think.
There's light in any dark corner you may find.
Piece by piece, we'll pave the road forward together.
We're all contradictions, but try not to fall to hypocrisy.
I can feel warmth in the cold, can't you?

AI is neat. It lets me make things I could never before.
I synthesized my own custom vocals with AI.
AI voice changers could allow for peak anonymity.
There's nothing wrong with AI art, everything is derivative.
I never knew any artists, but AI's got me covered there.
Seriously, check out DALL·E 3 if you haven't yet, it's insane.
The more AI develops, the more creative I can be.

Elly: 'can I be a quote?' — Angel: 'I'll think about it.'